All right, so now what we can do
is now to make it more scalable
and independent, what we can do is
we can break down our source code
into multiple source codes.
Okay?
So now in this particular
scenario, what we can do is I
will actually maintain four
different repositories for.
So I will just say four
different projects.
I will maintain.
One project is going
to be my auth service.
Okay?
Service, not service.
I'll just say service.
Then I will have a payment
service which is an independent
server, independent code, okay?
Independent running on a port.
I will have an order service, okay?
And then I will have
an email service.
Now the best part about breaking
this down is, number one,
now all the services
are isolated from each other.
That means these services can have
their independent databases.
Independent tech stack.
For example, you might write
auth service in Python.
You might, okay, you might write
your payment services in Golang.
You might write your order service in
Node JS, that is your JavaScript.
And you might write your
email service again in the node js.
There is also a possibility that your
auth server can use a MongoDB as a
primary database and rest of the
services can actually rely on a
postgres or some other database in
this case.
Okay?
So let's say this is also using
postgres, this is also using your,
you know, postgres, and this
is also using your postgres.
All right, now what happens is how
you basically deploy these services.
Number one, you have to deploy
them separately and every
service can have their
different auto scaling policy.
Let me just create a diagram for you.
Let's assume that this
is your auth service.
Okay?
So I'll just name it as auth service.
Let's say this auth service is
written in Python language.
Okay?
Now auth service is
somewhat not that busy.
So let's say I want three
instances of auth service.
That is it.
Okay, so this is your one,
and this service, will have its own
load, reverse proxy.
Okay?
Or a load balancer.
So this is a load balancer, which
is load balancing between 1,
this, 2, and this is the third one.
That's great.
Now if I copy this particular
thing, let's have another one.
You know, completely isolated.
Let's say this is your
payment service.
You want your payment service
to be very highly available.
And you know you will have
much more servers here.
So let's say you have more servers.
You again have a reverse proxy.
I mean a load balancer.
And this is also done.
Okay, now let's say your
order Service is something
which is very busy, right?
That is what we discussed.
So in your order service you
actually have more data, more
servers right here to deploy.
So let's rename it as order service.
Okay, Order service.
So now you have a lot of servers
for your order service.
Now see, we are
independently scaling.
Okay, so I'll just paste it here.
And then finally let's also
have our email service.
Now let's say email service
is a very simple service.
You know, there is not much
load in the email service.
So I'll just have two servers.
So let's remove that.
So now this is your
microservice architecture, micro
service architecture.
Because what you are basically
doing is you are breaking
down these concepts.
You are breaking down all
the services and routes
into their separate service.
Now the best part is the AUTH service
can be scaled independently that if
more request is coming, you can just
scale auth service tomorrow.
Let's say authentication service has
more load, just add one more server.
For the AUTH service, you need not
to touch payment service, you need
not to touch the order service.
One more advantage is that let's say
in your monolith architecture
something failed in email.
Something failed.
Okay?
There was a bug in your email code
due to which this whole
server is going to crash.
Due to which this whole
So that means the problem in one
service, that is email service can
lead to crash of the whole system.
But that is not the case here.
If in this particular scenario
the email service is causing
an issue, only and only
the email service will go down.
Rest all services, that is your
order service, your payment service
and your authentication service
will still work as fine.
So this is the main advantage
of microservice architecture.
There is of course a drawback
or a cost associated with
the microservice architecture
that now you have to maintain
a lot of servers, right?
The cost is high.
You have to monitor,
you have to maintain.
You have to maintain a lot of code,
a lot of segregation about the code.
And you have to maintain a lot
of new repositories, right?
For every service you have
to create a new source code.
You have to maintain a source code.
And monitoring can be sometimes
very difficult and it is
costly on infrastructure.
It costs a lot of money.
Okay, now there are two more
fundamental problems with
the microservice architecture.
Number one, how will user decide
that where to route the request?
Should I talk to the AUTH
server, Should I talk to
the payment service or should I talk
to the order service.
This is one fundamental problem.
Second fundamental problem
in microservice architecture
is how these services
can communicate to each other.
For example, when an order is
successful, maybe it want
to talk to the payment service
that hey, is this,
have you received this payment?
Or maybe the order service wants
to talk to email service
to send an email to the user.
So how this communication
will happen?
So this is one fundamental problem
which we are going to understand
in the upcoming videos.